Migration from styled-components to reshadow (#14)
lttb/reshadow-website: src/pages/migration/styled-components.mdx

---
name: styled-components
menu: migration
route: /migration/styled-components
title: Migration from styled-components
---

[styled-components](https://github.com/styled-components/styled-components) is a CSS-IN-JS library that quickly attracted the React community with its laconic API.
If you are one of those, who use styled-components in your project, this guide is for you.

## Motivation

> API `reshadow` makes it easy to combine the `css-in-js` and `css-modules` approach, so the migration for you will be as simple as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Reshadow` allows us to combine the `css-in-js` and `css-modules` approaches. Therefore, the migration process is quite simple.
```

> However, the API `reshadow` and `styled-components` are different, since the latter has several disadvantages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, `reshadow` and `styled-components` API's are different, since the latter has several disadvantages:
```

      background: black;
      border: 1px solid;
      border-radius: 4px;
   }
`(<button {...props} />);
```

### Mapping on component props

Consider the case, if you need to adapt to the component's props.

`styled-components`
```jsx
import styled from 'styled-components';

const Button = styled.button`
   font-size: 16px;
   color: ${props => props.primary ? "black" : "white"};
   background: ${props => props.primary ? "yellow" : "black"};
   border: 1px solid;
   border-radius: 4px;
`;

const App = () => (
     <Button primary>Click on me !</Button>
)
```

`reshadow`
```jsx
import styled from 'reshadow';

// you can put styles in a separate file `style.css`
const Button = ({primary, ...props}) => styled`
   button {
      font-size: 16px;
      color: white;
      background: black;
      border: 1px solid;
      border-radius: 4px;
   }

   button[|primary] {
      background: yellow;
      color: black;
   }
`(<button use:primary={primary} {...props} />);

const App = () => (
     <Button primary>Click on me !</Button>
)
```

As you can see, the `button` uses the `use` namespace, it is used to define [modifiers](/concepts#props-and-modifiers). 

### Dynamic Variables

> If you need mapping on dynamic values, you can write notation in `css-in-js`, see [Dynamic Variables](/usage/css-in-js#dynamic-variables).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to map props to dynamic styles, you can write notation in `css-in-js`, see [Dynamic Variables](/usage/css-in-js#dynamic-variables).
```

---
name: styled-components
menu: migration
route: /migration/styled-components
title: Migration from styled-components
---

[styled-components](https://github.com/styled-components/styled-components) is a CSS-IN-JS library that quickly attracted the React community with its laconic API.

> If you are one of those, who use styled-components in your project, this guide is for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Motivation

`Reshadow` allows us to combine the `css-in-js` and `css-modules` approach, so the migration for you will be as simple as possible.

> However, reshadow`and`styled-components` API's are different, since the latter has several disadvantages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, `reshadow`and`styled-components` API's are different, since the latter has several disadvantages:
```
